Fix/toggle button (#196)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/vue/list/ToggleButton.md

-   **filterLabel** `String` [optional]
    An optional label to display for the component in the global selected filters view. This is only applicable if `showFilter` is enabled. Default value used here is `componentId`.
-   **renderItem** `Function|slot-scope` [optional]

>     customize the rendered button via a function or slot-scope which receives the item object, isSelected and handleClick method to listen to the click events & expects a JSX or String back. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    customize the rendered button via a function or slot-scope which receives the item object, `isSelected` and `handleClick` method to listen to the click events & expects the html back. For example:
```

    <!-- prettier-ignore -->
    ```html
    <toggle-button>

> 		<div

Reviewer: 1. Use anchor tag instead of `div` and remove `style` prop from everywhere.
2. Use `onClick` on anchor tag.
Something like that:
```
<a
  slot="renderItem"
  slot-scope="{ item, handleClick, isSelected }"
  :href="item.url"
  @click="handleClick"
  :style="{ color: isSelected ? 'blue': 'dodgerblue'}"
 />
